[orchestra plays
grand theme music]
NEWSMAN: What you are looking at
is a live picture
of the United States Capitol.
We are just moments away
from the official 2017
inaugural swearing-in ceremony
after the most unusual
presidential campaign
in our lifetime
between Donald J. Trump
and Hillary Rodham Clinton.
ANNOUNCER:
Ladies and gentlemen... Here we go.
...the president-elect
of the United States--
Hillary Rodham Clinton.
[applause and whistling]
Please raise your right
hand and repeat after me.
I, Hillary Rodham Clinton,
do solemnly swear...
do solemnly swear...[screams] Yes!
ROBERTS:
That I will
faithfully execute...
Yes! Yes! Yes!...that I will
[singing "Hail to the Chief"]
ROBERTS:
...the office of President
of the United States.
CLINTON:
...the office of the p...
[static, stops singing]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, stranger.Marissa.
Hi.Hi.
The staff meeting
is in 40 minutes.
And you have Zoe
Redgrave in your office.
Zoe?
Yeah, she just
needs a few minutes.
The senator from Michigan?
The... No, Hillary's
press secretary.
Uh, Marissa,
I need to ask
you a question.
Okay.
Who is president?
Who?
Yes.
I'll-I'll tell you later.
Diane, are youmicro-dosing again?
No.
Well, maybe.
I-I don't know.
Isn't Trump president?
[laughs]
No.
So, it's...
[whispers]:
Hillary?
Yes.
And how long has she been...?
Three years.
Are you all right, Diane?
♪ [Trump speaking indistinctly]
My God. Have you ever had
a dream that is so real
that it takes you a long time
to just wake up?
No.[quietly]:
I dreamt that
Donald Trump was our president.
[laughs]
Really? How did that go?
So, I mean,
what happened?
How did he lose?How did he not?
Don't you remember the polls?
It was a landslide--three million votes.
Same as in my dream.
Trumphad three millionmore votes in your dream?
No, Hillary did.
Well, then how did he...?Well, whatever.
It's a dream.It doesn't have to make sense.
Diane,
would you mind if I sat in on
the meeting with Zoe Redgrave?
I know she's your friend,
but I would like more face time,if you don't mind.
I thinkI've earned it.
Diane had a weird dreamlast night.
It's just taking her a minute.
I know the case inside and out.
Good. What case?
Gerrymandering in Illinois?
The White House asked youto take point.
Really?LUCCA:We go in front
of the Supreme Court
in a month.
Oh, you're awake.
You're awake.
[exhales
rhythmically and loudly]
Diane, there you are.
How are you?
Fine, Zoe.
Great, actually.Lucca's been telling me
you're all prepared
for Thursday.
Yes.
Yes, very prepared.
Are you nervous?
Am I...? No.
Hillary is appreciative
of what you're doing.
Well, I appreciate
her being in the White House.
So she hassome insider info
on the court.
Garland is leaning our way,
but he likes a folksy
story or two, so be readywith that in your oral argument.
Any thoughts on Warren?
Buffet?
[both laugh]No, Elizabeth Warren.
We've made a number ofreferences to income inequality.
Good. We don't want
to take her vote
for granted. So,
I will see you tonight
at Women Unite
for Change?
She will.
Yes, I will.
Diane?
Merrick Garland and ElizabethWarren are on the Supreme Court?
You're worrying me, Diane.
What happened to Kavanaugh?
[whispering]:
Who's that?
[whimpers softly]
Do you have a minute?
What-what do you need?
I'm, uh, worried about Diane.
We were just in a meeting
with Zoe Redgrave,
and she didn't knowwhat we were talking about.
Zoe didn't know what we...?No.
Diane didn't.
What were you
talking about?
The Supreme Court.
NEWSWOMAN:The president sounded optimistictoday about
the CF1-K protein
as a possible cure for cancer.
NEWSMAN: The rise in the polar
bear population is causing
what some are calling
"The Polar Bear Express,"
polar bear overpopulation.
NEWSMAN 2:
The good news
for the administration is
it appearsthe rain forest has been saved.
The bad news is,
the Travel Office Scandal
is back in the news,
leaving many asking "Where has
the missing 35 thou...?"
NEWSMAN 3:
Donald Trump,
the real estate magnate
who ran for president in 2016,
has decided
to reduce the programming
on Trump TV to
eight hours a day.Hey, Diane.
Hey.
Adrian. Hey.
Liz. Oh.
Ooh, you're happy.
[laughing]:Oh.
I have been weighed down
for what feels like years,
and it-it just
all suddenly lifted.
Why is that?
The news.
I've been watching the news.
ADRIAN:
Really?
Even with all
the scandals?
What scandals?
The travel office,
the e-mails.
Hillary's haircut.
Benghazi?
[laughs]
Are you all right, Diane?Liz, I have
never been better. Don'tyou know that cancer was cured?
Yes, but the administration's
not telling us how... or when.
LIZ:
Lucca is worried
about you.
Should we be?
Oh, no, no, no. I just...
I had this weird dream.
Lucca said-- that Trump waspresident, huh? How'd that go?
Oh, my God. He kept calling
Nazis "very fine people."
And he did a senate campaignfor a child molester.
And he put children in cages.
Why?Immigration policy,and, uh,
anti-Semitism and racism
were on the rise.
And where were the
Obamas during all this?
They had an overall deal
at Netflix.
[laughs]
ADRIAN:
Well,
welcome back to reality.Oh.
Diane, we don't need
to worry about you, do we?
No, I just needed to wake up.
I'm fine, and I'm ready.
Hold on.
Harriet Tubman.
It's all the usualClinton scandal.
Fiscally speaking,these people were a nightmare.
$500 for a haircut?
Who pays that kind of money?
You try to turn
everything into a scandal.
[indistinct,
overlapping chatter]
ALEX:Look,
I voted for her last year,
but not again.
What has she
done for us?Cured cancer.
Only Hillary could cure cancerand turn it into a scandal.
I'm sorry. What-what scandal?The timing.
My mother died last year.
Why didn't they cure cancer
last year?
Because she wants itfor her reelection campaign.
How many peoplecould have been saved
if they'd cured cancerlast year?
[indistinct,
overlapping chatter]
Whoa, whoa.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can we start even one meeting
without all this?
Sure.
Elect a different president.
Like Trump.
[groans, laughter,
lively chatter]
ADRIAN:You need to stop.Stop, now.
We got somegood news today.
Diane, let's start with you.
Congratulations.
It's a great
get, Diane.
[chuckles]
Thank you.
ADRIAN:
So, I understand
you're, uh,
meeting with his team at noon?
Uh, yes.
And I-I can't wait.Tell him we love
his movies.
I will.
B-Because...
Yeah, I will.
[whispers]:
Harvey Weinstein.
The producer.
ADRIAN:
I'm amazed
you got him away
from Lisa Bloom.
How did you do that?
Oh, yeah.
[forced chuckle]
Um...
I'm sorry, could you
just excuse me for one minute?
[whispers]:
What?
Your new client.
It's Harvey Weinstein.
The producer?Yes.
How is he our client?
You argued David Bois
wasn't serving him well.
Iargued?
What about his issues?
The anger issues?No, the rape ones.
I didn't know there
were rape issues.
Okay, Marissa,
you need to treat melike all of this is new to me.
Is this about your
Trump stuff?
Yes. Trump said he could"grab women by the pussy."
Right? In your world?
My world?
You mean reality? Yes.
And then what happened?
People were upset.
And then what?He lost the election.
But was there a big
women's march
after the inauguration?
After Hillary's inauguration?
I mean, women were excited,
and there were parades.
But no march?
No pussy hats?
[chuckles]
What are pussy hats?
It's not important.Was there a #MeToo?
U-2? What-what, the band?
No. A #MeToo movement.
I'm not sure what that is.
So Harvey Weinstein isstill a thing in your world?
In-in theworld?
Well, he won the Presidential
Medal of Freedom.
So, I guess...Oh, my God.
[voice breaking]:And now I represent him.
Yeah.
Oh...
Congratulations.
"Film Career. Activism.
"Friendship with the President.
"Controversies.
"Weinstein has been criticized
"for reediting many of his
arthouse purchases,
with some directors
referring to him as
'Harvey Scissorhands.'"
Well?
No one has accused Weinstein
of rape yet?
No.
Or-or of masturbating
into plants?
What?! No. Ew.
Why-why was he masturbating
into plants?
I-I don't remember.
A few of them were.
What was going on
in your world?
So, no one has
come forward yet, right?
Here in...
Reality? No.
Not that I know of.
Who else was masturbating
into plants?
I don't remember, there were
so many men with issues.
Like who?Charlie Rose.
That guy with the round table?
What did he do?
Isn't he, like, 90?
No, he liked
walking around naked
in front of his
female assistants.
Oh! Who else?
Matt Lauer.
Okay, who is that?
MARISSA:
Team Weinstein.
Look, maybe it's only
in your dream that
Weinstein is raping people
and masturbating into plants.
Maybe in reality he's just,
you know,
some asshole producer
who screams at people
and cheats on contracts.
Maybe.
Harvey would like youto make this your top priority.
He believes that
the project's success
had a lot to do with him.
ADRIAN:
Mm.
ADRIAN:Diane?
I'm sorry,what project is this?
Snowpiercer.
The TV adaptation.
All of the information you needis right there.
Mr. Weinstein has nolegal claim to this project?
Well, as we said,
Harvey believes his input
was essential to
its success in features,
so he wants us to pursue
any legal remedy.
And what legal remedy...
We will definitely
look into that.
All legal options
will be explored.ROISIN: Good.
Harvey would love news
on the suit,
even just the filing, to reportduring our publicity push.
And when is that?Next week.
He'll be interviewed
by Charlie Rose.
[laughs out loud]
Sorry.Then Friday,
he'll be on the Today Show
with Matt Lauer.
[laughs]
We are on it.
Anything else?
We want you to look at
the NDAs.
We have several
former employees
that we believe might
be in breach.
Believe?
How do you believe that?
Harvey has his ways.
Anyway, those are
the most outstanding items.
And if I may,
I'd like to ask
just the core
team to remain.
I have just one more item
I'd like to discuss.
ADRIAN:
Certainly.
Uh, Tim, James, Mike.
Harvey is worried that
the Republicans are
going to come after him
for supporting Hillary.ADRIAN: In what way
coming after him?
With false accusations
of sexual assaults.
We've had three charges already,
and we believe more
are on the way.
We have a pretrial hearing
in two hours
to turn over discovery.
Of what?
What discovery?
Contracts,
Harvey's travel information.
Photos of his anatomy.
Oh, my God.Yes, exactly.
It's harassment.
These woman are after Harvey.
And why do you think
they're "after" him?
Because Harvey's an easy target.
But these women are Democrats.
Right?
Diane is worried that
this will be the plaintiff's
argument in court.
Right, Diane?
ROISIN:
They lie because
actresses have
a limited shelf life,
and they feel Harvey hasn't
advanced their careers.
We have investigators
that have all of the background
you need on these women.
Yes, what is that?
Black Cube?
How do you know about
I do my research.
What is Black Cube?Israeli investigators.
They're brought on board
to make the women look bad.Look,
we came to you because
you're the best.
And because Harvey wanted
a woman
and an African-American man
defending him.
So, are you up for it,
or should we move on?
We are definitely up for it.
ADRIAN:
Diane, what is going on
with you?!
Now, you've told me yourself
you liked his movies.
He's a serial rapist, Adrian.
A sexual predator.
And how do you know that?
Because I--
Because of these women
coming forward.
These women are coming forward
for attention,
because he's a screamer.
You know you're saying he's
guilty until proven innocent.
No, I am looking
at the evidence.
There is no evidence, Diane.
Wh-What evidence?
The Ronan Farrow revelations.
You're talking aboutthat story
that NBC refused to broadcast
because it was so shoddy?
They're only saying that
because they are
covering up for Matt Lauer.
[laughing]:
Matt Lauer? My God!
Jesus Christ, Diane!
You're dealing in rumors.
Not facts.If we had done
the same thing with Reddick,
we'd be a lot better off now.
What?
What about Carl?Nothing.
Diane, what have you heard
about Carl?
Nothing.
Yet.
What do you mean "yet"?
Harvey Weinstein will
blow up in our face.
We need to drop him.Maybe you haven't been
paying attention, Diane.
We need Weinstein
more than he needs us.
We're not doing well.
What do you mean?
The Hillary tax.
The what?
The rise in corporate taxes.
It's not just hitting
our bottom line,
it's hitting our clients.
Why do you think we're
getting into entertainment?
We need to keep
Weinstein happy.
Or we need to have
a conversation
about dissolving and bankruptcy.
What about my dad?What?
I heard you say that
there was a rumor
about my dad; what rumor?
Nothing.
These women only
want justice.
Your Honor, they deserve
to see this evidence.
The defense attorney
keeps arguing
that this is harassment,
and Mr. Weinstein'sa very busy man.
Well, we're not asking
that Mr. Weinstein gather
this information himself.
He has a lot of lawyers.Let them do it for him.
JUDGE:You made your point, Counselor.
Defense?
Your Honor, the plaintiff is notjust asking for schedules.
They're asking for photos
of our client's
most sensitive anatomy.
And the reason why is they wantto force us into a settlement.
This is about money.
No, it isn't.Yes, it is.
You're not
righting a wrong.
This is about a few
bitter actresses
who didn't get the part...Bitter actresses?
...going after a man...No, I don't think so.
And don't defame my clients.Do not!MATA: Okay, okay, stop!
I get it. I'm ready to rule.
[clears throat]
Your discovery request,Ms. Ann Howard, is denied.
I'm not seeing any evidence
of real harassment.
HOWARD: Your Honor...MATA: No.
This is a simple case
of "he said, she said."
In fact, it's worse.
The case rests onan old cliché,
the Hollywood casting couch.
Well, that may havebeen true
in the old studio system,
but with major Wall Street
companies like this,
no one would risk
that kind of exposure.
I rule for the defense.
And I would suggest,Ms. Ann Howard,
you talk to your clients.
[gavel bangs]
His Honor would like
to speak to you for a second?
I, uh, want to be clear:
this has nothing
to do with my ruling.
This is not ex parte.
Do we understand?
Yes, Your Honor.Good.
My daughter is looking
for an internship this summer,
and she would love
to find a spot
in a large production company
like Mr. Weinstein's.
Could you put ina good word for her?
Certainly, Your Honor.
Good, good.
She would really love to beunder Mr. Weinstein this summer.
Mm.
I'll speak to Weinstein's
people about the internship.
What? You want to?
No, I'm just
thinking,
justice is
an equation.
What kind of equation?
Justice equals the law
times the zeitgeist.
The law on its own
doesn't stand up.
You need the mood of
the times on your side.
Diane, we just won.
The zeitgeist workedfor us.
But against women.
The president's a woman.
How is it against women?
In my dream, women
got together
and held a march
and said "no more."
Yeah, well,that's the thing with dreams.
You can make themanything you want.
My guess would bethat only the women partners
got to say "no more."
We associates--we can't risk it.
Harvey saves two or
three internship spots
each summer
for his friends.
Malia Obama did one
a few years ago.
That's great.The judge will love that.
Oh, um...
[clears throat]
Can you do one more
favor for me, Lucca?
Harvey asked that
a lawyer drop by
with these court documents
to have them signed.
He wants me?Yeah, just to drop
by his suite.
Uh, he should drop by our officeand sign them.
Unfortunately, Harvey's
waiting for a conference call
in his hotel suite,
so he can't leave.
Well, then, I'll take them.
No, Harvey wants
Lucca to come.
Why?
Because Harvey reviews every
lawyer involved in his cases,
and he's intrigued by Lucca.
Has he seen her photo?
Diane.
What are you saying?
I'm saying
you're Harvey's pimp.
Are you fucking serious?
LUCCA:
Could you, uh,
give us a second?
This is exactly what
I'm talking about, Diane.
I need face time
with our top clients,
and you keep finding
ways to stop it.
I'm going with these papers.
The client wants it,
and I want it.
Lucca, listen to me. Listento me. This is how it will go.
You will bring those courtpapers to the hotel concierge.
An he will call up,and Weinstein will apologize
and say he can't come down,could you bring them up to him?
So you'll ask the concierge
to bring them upto get them signed.
But Weinstein will say
he only has a few questionsfor you,
it'll only take a minute.
So you will go up,and he'll answer the door,
and he'll be wearing a robe.
[scoffs]And then he will
ask you to help him withsomething in the bathroom.
He will be naked.
Come on, Diane.He will be naked.
And he'll ask you to massagehis shoulders and his back.
Or he'll ask youto watch him take a shower.
Diane, stop. Stop it!
Look at me.
Trust me.
I can take care of myself.
I am going.
[clears throat]
[phone ringing]Hello?
DIANE:
Marissa, listen, I need
to ask you a favor.
Lucca is on her way
to Harvey Weinstein's hotel.
I need you
to keep a close eye on her.
Is Weinstein going
to masturbate into plants?
[gentle piano music playing]
Yes?
Um, I have some papersfor Mr. Weinstein
to sign.Of course.
Uh, one second.
I'll call him.
Thanks.
Come on,
Marissa. I can see you.
Oh, Lucca, hi.
What are you doing here?
Diane sent you?
No. What do you mean?
Okay, yes, but
it's not just her.
I'm concerned, too.I'm fine, Marissa.
Just go home.
Uh, Mr. Weinstein wants youto come up to his suite.
540, the penthouse.
Uh, actually, our bosswants us to stay down here.
Can you have a messenger bringthis up to him to be signed?
And we will wait in the bar.
One second.
Do you think
Diane is a witch?
No, I just thinkshe knows how men work.
Mr. Weinstein just has
a few questions.
He only needs you to
go up for a minute.
The penthouse,
suite 540.
[elevator bell dings]
Okay, so if Diane is right,on the other side of that door
is Harvey Weinsteinin a bathrobe.
Stand over there.
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
ZOE:
This isn't
just the year of the women.
It's the decade
of the women.
It's our time.
With the presidency,
women can do
whatever they want.
I'm thinking of sending my
business your way, Diane.
We women have
to stick together.
Oh, I'd like that, Ingrid.
Thank you.
INGRID:
I suggested Harvey bring
his business to you.
Harvey Weinstein?
Yes. Oh, he has done so much
for the women's cause.
I'm having him speak at the nextWomen United for Change event.
[camera shutters clicking]
You don't think his way ofworking with women is suspect?
Well, yes,
I know he can be
a bit handsy.
He's a bad boy,
like Jack Warner.
But he is good on
women's causes.
I mean, pro-choice
and Hillary.
WOMAN:
Ms. Lockhart, you are one
of the foundersof Women United for Change,
an organization that evenour president has mentioned.
What does Women United forChange mean in this day and age?
It means we have
a long way to go.
Really? A long way to what?
Telling our stories.
Uh, the secretary
forced to date her boss.
A comedian forced to watch a
more powerful one masturbate.
Those stories.
We all have them.
Uh, okay, I, um...
Tarana Burke is an
African-American activist
who works to improve the
lives of young women at risk.
She coined the phrase
"Me Too" in 2006.
And it is time
to bring that back
by sharing our
stories online
and attaching her
hashtag "#MeToo."
It shouldn't matter
that Donald Trump
isn't our president.
These abuses are
still going on.
Okay, thank you.
So, remember, the
hashtag "#MeToo."
No one is alone.
Just come forth and
share your stories.
Thank you.Ingrid, hello.
You don't have
a Twitter account?
No, I never needed one.
Okay. There it is.
Now you want it
to link to Tarana Burke?
Yes. Her "Me Too" site.
Me...?Too.
Well, that's kind of obscure.
Want something more provocativelike "Men Who Hurt Women"?
No, no, no. Just
a "Me Too" hashtag.
Okay.
There it goes.
I'm not surethis will get much traction.
You need to connectwith more influencers.
Maybe this will do it.
E NEWSCASTER:
...the yearly Women Unite
for Change Awards last night,
in order to celebrate
the year's achievements.
This isn't just the
year of the women.
It's the decade
of the women.
Women can do whatever they want.
E NEWSCASTER:
Women Unite for Change
co-founder Diane Lockhart
believes women are stronger
than ever.
No one is alone.
Come forward. Tell your story.
E NEWSCASTER:
And tell them they did.
The splashy event
raised two million dollars
for feminist causes.
Megaproducer Harvey Weinstein
contributed
a matching fund of two million.
Was that supposed to send peopleto the You-too site?
Did you callWeinstein's person a pimp?
Yes, I did.LIZ:Why?
Because she's a pimp.
A pimp as in...?
She procures sex for Weinstein.
They want you to apologize.
[laughs]
Seriously?Yes.
They sent over that letterfor you to sign.
"Dear Mr. Weinstein,
"Please, I beg you
to not stop reading.
"I have done a terrible thing.
But what I did was beyond
being oblivious to humanity"?
[laughs]
ADRIAN:
They're serious.
They're threateningto pull their business.
Then let them.
Seriously, fuck them!
Diane?
I don't think you realizehow close we are to Chapter 11.
And Weinstein will
make a difference?
Yes. We're going to haveto start firing associates.
I know you have heard rumorsabout Weinstein,
but we've defended wife-killers.
Lisa Bloom defendedWeinstein.
I've heard you go onabout her.
Why are youdrawing the line here?
Then take me off the account.
The Weinstein account?Yes. You're right.
Everyone deserves a defense.
Just not everyone
deserves mydefense.
Oh, Zoe.
I didn't know
we had a meeting.
We don't.
I just wanted
to drop by to discuss something.
Okay?I asked Lucca
to be here, too.
What's "Me Too"?
It's a website of women
trading stories of abuse.
This is
what you were talking about
at Women Unite for Change?
Yes.Several women approached
me asking about it.
I had to admit
I didn't know about it.
You started this?
No. Tarana Burke did.
But you're
popularizing it?Well, if I can.
I mean, it's supposed to be
a grassroots women's movement.
Okay. I need you
to remove it.
What? Why?
You're trying to suggest
women get angry about abuse,
right?Yes.
That's not the message
that helps us in 2020.
Hillary only gets reelected
if men don't feel women
are leading with their anger.
But women are angry.
No, they're not.
Women are making advances now.
And they're doing it
through competence,
not through grievance.
What about women
who are being abused?
Who have been abused?
They will find
support from Hillary.
From this administration.
So you're asking them
to just shut up?
No, I'm asking them
to get a woman reelected
to the highest
office in the land.
If Hillary doesn't
win, Trump wins.
Then what do we have?
[speaking indistinctly]
Diane?
I just realized something.
W-Where's my husband?
What?I've spentthe last few days
at work and I-I haven't
talked to him once.
Where is he?
Have you called him?
No.
ZOE:
So you're dropping
the website?
I ha-- I have
to find my husband.
Diane.Whatever you want.Whatever you need.
I-I have to go home.
Diane.
The Weinstein people
are asking you to
take a step back.Yes.
I already said: replace me.
No, they're asking
you to take
a step back from the firm.
And what did you say?
I said we needed to talk.
[laughs]:
Okay.
Well, I'm heading home.
You can do whatever you want.
You don't need
to head home.No, I do.
I don't know
how I changed my clothes.
I went to that event last night
and I, and I had
different clothes on.
And I have different
clothes on now.
And I don't know where Kurt is.
[clicking]
[acoustic version of "Battle
Hymn of the Republic" playing]
Hello?
Hello. I'm almost done.
Uh, who are you?
Chris Lima.
Do I know you?No,
I'm just a handyman,
fixing your door.
I hope you don't mind.
I turned on your TV.
ANNOUNCER [over TV]:
Welcome back to Trump TV.
♪ This wall is your wall
♪ This wall is my wall
♪ From California
♪ To the Padre Island
♪ From the Yuma plateau
♪ To the Gulf Stream waters
♪ This wall was made
for you and me. ♪
When Woody Guthrie wrote
that song so many decades ago,
he sang for an Americathat still looked like America.
With the neighborhood grocer,
the farmer
and the real estate developer.
God, I miss him as president.
Seriously? I mean...
Excuse me?
Nothing. I'll finish your door.No, wait.
You just said you miss himas president. What do you mean?
Look, I get it.
Hillary's president.
Okay? I'll shut up.
No, you think Trump
is president?No.
Yes.
I think he's president, too.
I've spent the last few weeksbeing told Hillary is president,
so I'm ready to accept it.
Who are you?
A-And why are you
fixing my door?
I'm Chris Lima.
And I-I have no idea
why I'm fixing your door.
And why are we the only two
people in the world
who think Trump is president?
♪ Gulf Stream waters
♪ This wall is made
for you and me. ♪
[children laughing]
ANNOUNCER:
Welcome back to Trump TV.
♪ Oh, Jared, you're so fine
♪ You're so fine,
you blow my mind, hey, Jared ♪
♪ Oh, Jared, what a pity,
you don't understand... ♪
I don't believe this.
I should be thrilledHillary's president.
Oh, she's awful, isn't she?
No. I-I just... don't thinkI like this new world.
Or maybe I don't believe it.Hmm.
♪ Oh, Jared, it's a pity,
you don't understand ♪
♪ My hand would look so goodwith Ivanka's wedding band... ♪
Why do you like him? Trump?
[sighs]
Because...
he says what he means.
You know? It's odd that
politicians just don't do that.
Do you know my husband?
What's his name?
Kurt McVeigh.
Did he ask you to fix my door?
Wait, w-why is my door broken?
I don't know.
You didn't say.
[gunfire over TV]
This is exactly the kind of gunHillary would steal from you.
This week we focus
on sharks and automatics.
How do we stop sharks
from attacking?
You don't do it
with love and kindness.
You don't lead from behind
like Hillary.
You attack.
Kurt took his guns.
He didn't want them
to be confiscated.
Go to the country.
Go to whatever cabins
you have in the woods
because Eric Holder
will take your guns.
Kurt has a cabin in the woods.
Then he should go there.
We are this close
to black helicopters.
All right, c-- fix the TV.
No, u-uh, fix the door.
Yes.
Good, good.
I'm-I'm in the car, right?
[car door closes]
[exhales]
Kurt, I need your helpfiguring out what's going on.
I'm here.
How long haveyou been here?
A while.
Go ahead, sit.
It's good to see you.
And you.
DIANE:Grab my hand.
I don't think I can.
Why not?
We're separated.
Kurt, we're married.
That's not what I'm saying.
We matter, you and I.
All this other stuff,
who's president,
who's worse for the
world, it's all bullshit.
Do you believe that?
I will if you will.
What about those?
Hillary willtake them.
And I will be here to hide them
from the black helicopters
if that's what you want.
Come on back.
How do I do that?
What's the last thingthat you remember?
You mean before
I watched Hillary
be inaugurated?
Yes.
In bed. Us in bed.
And what happened?
Don't let go of my hand.
Then what?
You-you had a gun.
No, no, no.Don't let go.
Oh, my God.
SWAT. Yes.
♪
Kurt, you're dead?
Kurt?
No. No.
Kurt, hold on to me.
[fading]:
Please. Kurt.
Hold on to me.
[indistinct radio chatter]
KURT: Wait, wait.She's coming back. Diane?
Diane?
[siren wails in distance]
What-what happened?
[exhales]
We thought we lost you.
How long was I out?
Ten minutes.
Where am I?
Home.
Diane, can you tell me how
many fingers I'm holding up?
Why?
You've been shaken up a bit.
How many fingers?
Three?
Can you read this?
Lima.
And who is president?
[laughs]
This is a hardcore Christian.
He should hate that I've just
shoved my tongue
down his throat,
but in Trump's America,
the lion lies down
with the lamb.
And I ain't lyin'.
Because in Trump,
we've been united.
["Amazing Grace" playing]
The thrice-divorced
billionaire.
The porn star.
The naked Maxmodel
from Slovenia.
Under Trump's banner,
we are all one.
We all know
what we're fighting for.
And we all love the same man.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org